So the correct solution was the first statement here,
passengers equals passengers minus one plus five.
As you've probably noticed by now,
we can actually perform more than one arithmetic operation in the same statement.
Of course we could have written them down into two statements like we did
before or we could have even started by adding five and then subtracting one.
However, none of these ones are correct. Let's see why.
This one here is saying passengers equals five minus one.
So it is five and subtracting one,
but it's not updating upon the previous value of passengers like the one here.
So this will set our passengers variable to four
regardless of whatever happened before. That's not correct.
This one here is updating our variable passengers but it's
subtracting five and adding one which is the opposite of what we want to do.
And the last option here seems like it's doing the right thing as
well but it's still not updating passengers up here.
It's just setting it to five and then subtracting one from it.
That leaves us with this only correct option,
passengers equals passengers minus one plus five.